Update all old abp.io sub-domain links in our repositories with new unified platform links. (#20686)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/guides/add-module-to-microservice.md

abp generate-proxy --type csharp --module cms-kit --url https://localhost:44335
```

> > Note: This port is used by `Public-Web`. You can check your port from `launchSetting.json`. The Public Web calls the Public Web Gateway so it has called the related services and has generated proxy files. [For more](https://abp.io/docs/commercial/latest/startup-templates/microservice/gateways#public-web-gateway) 

Reviewer: Link is wrong

> > If you have generated a new microservice with the ABP CLI by following the [add new microservice guide](https://abp.io/docs/commercial/8.1/startup-templates/microservice/add-microservice), it should already be configured to use the static proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have generated a new microservice with the ABP CLI by following the [add new microservice guide](https://abp.io/docs/latest/solution-templates/microservice/adding-new-microservices), it should already be configured to use the static proxy.
```
